# Operating-Platforms

  I have designed a Software Design Document for my current client, The Game Room, describing how I am going to facilitate this web-based game into a gaming app used only by Androids. My client wants this game to be able to be played on multiple platforms. The main requirements of this game is for a game to be able to have one or more teams, each team be aloud to have multiple players, each team name aloud to be unique, and only one instance of the game can exist in memory at any given time. 
  In developing this documentation, I did an excellent job describing the details, as well as the pros and cons, to the developing requirements for using either Mac, Linux, Windows, or mobile devices. In working through this design document, I found the reasearch of the history of Mac, Linux, Windows, and mobile devices the most helpful in developing the code. I was able to get a better understand of the code itself, by knowing the history of the different operating platforms. If I could chose one part of this document to revise, it would be the Executive Summary. If I could go back and do it again, I would provide more detail of the requirements from the client. It is so important to consider the user's needs when designing a project for the client, because the user is the person who is going to be utilizing what you have created. Yes, the client has hired you, but in a round about way, you are working for the client's user. I implemented the users needs by putting what was going to make the game more useful and fun to the user as a priority in my software design! I approached designing this software by doing my reserach on what the client's needs were for the user. Doing my research on what the client wants for the project is precisely the technique and strategy that I will use again, in the future, to analyze and design a similar software application.
  
  Thank you.
  
  Brianna Marsh
